test: allow using global variables in suite-level variable definitions (#34699)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/tests/index.mdx

### Variable References

> Variables you define within `run` blocks can refer to outputs from modules executed in earlier `run` blocks and variables defined at higher precedence levels. Variables in the root `variables` block can only refer to global variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables you define within `run` blocks can refer to outputs from modules executed in earlier `run` blocks and variables defined at higher precedence levels. Variables defined within the file-level `variables` block can only refer to global variables.
```
